At dt = 2.5e-2, the concentration plot and the animation seem to become
different when comparing to the plots when dt = 1e-2. However, looking at the
Standard Deviation vs Square Root of Time plot, it can be seen that the
relationship is still linear, as the theory still fits the data points. 

However, when dt=2.6e-2, the concentration plot diverges a lot and the figure
looks a lot like Figure 2 in the instructions; like beats. Furthermore, the
animation seems inverted in color; dimmer, and appears to be much more
pixelated. As time increases, the distortion/pixelation increases and now the
difference in color is prominent. Also, the Standard Deviation vs Square Root
of Time plot is no longer linear. The theory line is pretty much flat and the
data points are a bit randomly distributed as time increases. Now, the theory
does not fit the data points. Please see the plots and animation, which I
handed in as well.

At divergence, the value of k = dt*D/dx^2 is 0.25999999999999995.

The totals.txt file shows that for the first 3 times, the sum is pretty much
equal to 10. But the 4th and last value of time shows that the sum is equal to
-591.9684751629829.

The threshold for dt when using a grid of 50x50 points is:
At dt = 10e-2, the animation has started becoming very blurry and a bit
inverted in color, but the color is still faithful to the convergent animation.
Also, the concentration plots do not yet represent Figure 2 in the instructions
or the Beat figure. Also, the standard deviation versus square root of time is
still linear. Hence, this means at dt = 10e-2 is not the threshold. The totals
text file is still displaying sums of 10 or so.

However, at dt = 11e-2, the animation has inverted/changed the colors, the
standard deviation vs square root of time plot is no longer linear, the
concentrations plot shows a beat figure, and the totals text file shows a final
integral of concentration of 9.96, which is lower than 10. All of these
characteristics show that this is the threshold of dt. At higher values of dt,
these characteristics are more prominent (final integral is in the thousands),
which proves our claim.

I have run the code of diverges.py once more for 100x100 grid and attached the
plots, animation, and text file, if you'd like to take a look.

